---
id: 1533
title: Bespin 0.8
date: 2010-06-22T08:27:44+00:00
author: Stefan Hayden
layout: post
guid: http://www.stefanhayden.com/blog/?p=1533
permalink: /2010/06/22/bespin-0-8/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<a href="http://mozillalabs.com/bespin/2010/06/21/bespin-0-8-less-and-more/">Bespin updated</a> and they seem pretty excited with the project. I was excited with Bespin when I first heard about it but it has yet to really solve the problem I was hoping they would tackle. I really wanted a TinyMCE or FCKeditor replacement where I can just drop some JS files in my webroot and then plug Bespin in to textareas on forms. There has been a <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=535819">ticket</a> to do that for a while and it seems like they have written it but didn't seem to make it out this build.

Bespin is still young and has a lot of growing to do. Right now their focus is on developer tools and making Bespin very customizable. I'm sure this will give Bespin a solid foundation to move forward with. 

I hope that they shift their focus from education developers how to customize to educating people who make webpages how to easily get Bespin up and running and why they would want to. Some easy things to do would be to offer a download of just the needed scripts to run and not a tar ball with python generators. Or even have a big download button instead of a small link that leads to a server generated index of files.

I always think jQuery is a great place to look. They put a lot of focus educating people how easy it is to use but also build what seems like a strong community of developers. Bespin is awesome and I think I just needs to better focus it's marketing message.